Python build: Use CMake FindPython (#1000)
PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO: CMakeLists.txt

# Set option dependent variables

if(OTIO_PYTHON_INSTALL)
    # Find the python interpreter using FindPython introduced in CMake 3.12.

>     # The Development.Module component is used instead of the Development one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The Development.Module component introduced in CMake 3.18.2 is used instead of the Development one
```
I suggest documenting this point, if I've understood it properly, since you changed the minimum version to 3.18.2, but mention 3.12 in the comment here.

Author: Actually, `Development.Module` was introduced in 3.18.0 but pybind11 recommends 3.18.2+. I'll fix that and document that pybind11 recommends 3.18.2+.

Author: @meshula I adapted the comment and updated the comment for the `cmake_minimum_required`, which should hopefully be enough. Let me know if it's clearer.

    # because we don't need the libpython library since we don't link against it.
    # pybind11 will detect that we already found a python
    # interpreter and will use what was found previously (here).
    # See https://pybind11.readthedocs.io/en/stable/compiling.html#findpython-mode

>     # Also, the "manylinux" docker images don't have the libpythons anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Also, the "manylinux" docker images don't have libpython, so requiring the libraries is an issue there.
```
This suggestion is so that in the future, people don't try to turn it back on.

Author: Perfect, will change that!

# Set option dependent variables

if(OTIO_PYTHON_INSTALL)
    # Find the python interpreter using FindPython module.
    # The Development.Module component is used instead of the Development one
    # because we don't need the libpython library since we don't link against it.
    # pybind11 will detect that we already found a python
    # interpreter and will use what was found previously (here).
    # See https://pybind11.readthedocs.io/en/stable/compiling.html#findpython-mode
    # Also, the "manylinux" docker images don't have libpython, so requiring the libraries is an issue there.

>     find_package(Python REQUIRED COMPONENTS Interpreter Development.Module)

Reviewer 2: This block is in the section that runs regardless of whether the user has specified a specific python installation or not, is that correct?  I ask because the original line that was deleted was only in the branch where the user had not specified one.

Author: Exactly. The new behaviour is similar to the old one.

Before:
* If `OTIO_PYTHON_INSTALL_DIR` and `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` are not set, use `find_program(Python...)`
* Else don't call it explicitly and let pybind11 do the work of finding the interpreter later in the CMake file.

Now:
* No matter what happens, always use `find_program`. This should not change the previous behaviour as the `Python_*` variables created by `find_program(Python...)` are not used in the `else` block at lines 77-96.

Does that clarify things a little bit more @ssteinbach ?

Reviewer 2: Yup, thanks!
